Improve warning wording in `vue/no-v-for-template-key` docs (#1858)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/no-v-for-template-key.md

In Vue.js 2.x, disallows `key` attribute on `<template>` elements.

::: warning Note

> Do not use with the [vue/no-v-for-template-key] rule for Vue.js 3.x.  
> This rule conflicts with the [vue/no-v-for-template-key-on-child] rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is targeted at Vue.js 2.x.
If you are using Vue.js 3.x, enable the [vue/no-v-for-template-key-on-child] rule instead. Don't enable both rules together; they are conflicting.
```

Author: ok, the approach is clear enough.
